Chapter 125

Bai Ze, gluttonous, brave.
What is the experience of turning from a majestic gluttonous into a small
leopard with a disability?
A person surnamed Gu, who did not want to be named, said: Not only is
there nothing unpleasant, but even very beautiful.
Guai Zai’s bed belongs to him, and the place next to him when eating is his.
Even Guai Zai’s dessert for Si Yiming is also his.
Guai Zai would only call his father helplessly after he snatched Si Yiming’s
dessert.
As for Si Yiming himself, he could only pinch his nose and watched the
father and son, who had been a long time apart, get together.
After breakfast, Si Yiming was much calmer.
He didn’t seem to care about Gu Lang deliberately disgusting him. Instead,
he finished breakfast quietly in his spare time. He looked at Gu Lang who
was gnawing at his Xue Meiniang from time to time, and his face was calm.
Mr. Si took in the succulents that had been put on the balcony last night.
This pot is small and fleshy, with round leaf tips. The leaves are covered
with a layer of white fluff, and the tips of the leaves are slightly golden.
The mesophyll is quite plump and looks healthy.
Gu Bai looked at this small pot of meat thriving on the table with some
doubts.
Gu Lang was also a little puzzled. He leaned over and smelled the fleshy
smell, and there was a very obvious shock on the face of a milky leopard.
He looked down at his mutilated body, and then at Susu, he felt very lucky!
Gu Bai raised his head to look at Si Yiming: “Mr. Si, why do you think of
being succulent?”
Si Yiming raised his eyelids: “This is Bai Ze.”
Gu Bai’s eyes widened in astonishment: “…”
“I checked it, this breed is called Fu-eared rabbit, and it’s pretty good to
feed.” Si Yiming said, pushing Bai Ze in front of Gu Lang, which meant it
was self-evident.
There was a disgusting expression on Gu Lang’s face, but anyhow he didn’t
kick the pot of fleshy meat off the dining table.
Si Yiming slowly retracted his hand, not seeing the slightest abnormality to
follow Gu Bai to get up and go to the kitchen to wash the dishes.
Gu Lang squatted down on the dining table, looking at the close back of the
two people in the kitchen, and squinted slightly.
The appearance of Si Yiming’s generous oath of sovereignty was clearly
shown to him.
But is Gu Lang the kind of beast that can look at people’s faces!
por supuesto no.
Si Yiming took the dishes back into the cupboard, and while Gu Bai was
wiping the splashing water around the dry cleaning bowl, he squinted at Gu
Lang and snorted coldly.
Gu Lang frowned and realized that Si Yiming’s reaction must not be
simple!
He Xiaozai and Pai Yao walked out side by side from the kitchen, and when
the two walked together, there was an aura that no one else could get in.
Si Yiming looked down at his watch and said, “I will see you off today.”
Gu Bai thought for a while, and finally shook his head: “No need, I just go
by myself.”
Bai Ze is still working as a potted plant at home. Even if Mr. Si doesn’t find
a magical tool for his father to solve the problem, he will have to find Bai
Ze. He will definitely be busy these days.
Si Yiming probably also guessed Gu Bai’s thoughts. He raised his hand and
rubbed two of Gu Bai’s heads. Seeing him squinting slightly and shaking
his hands, he couldn’t help but climb a smile on his face.
“Also, then you are careful on the way.”
Gu Bai nodded, his lips curled slightly, too sweet.
He pulled off the hand on top of his head, held it, and glanced at Gu Lang
who was squatting on the dining table looking at them, and waved to his old
father: “Dad, I’m going to work!”
Gu Lang was ready to follow without even thinking about it.
Gu Bai hurriedly waved his hand: “Just stay at home, you are like this
now…”
Gu Lang paused and felt that the human world was really troublesome.
Gu Bai watched him stop, said goodbye again, and then dragged Si Yiming
out of the house.
He didn’t dare to leave his old father and Mr. Si in the same room.
Otherwise, the house might collapse when we come back.
Gu Bai brought the door, touched the braided rope, took out two boxes of
Xue Mei Niang, and lowered her voice: “Mr. Si, today’s dessert!”
Si Yiming raised his eyebrows in surprise.
He really didn’t realize that Gu Bai had secretly hidden two boxes.
“Dad will definitely grab it.” Gu Bai scratched his head, really embarrassed.
He felt like he was wronged by his wife in the battle between the mother-in-
law and the daughter-in-law, protecting the husband of his elders.
But he is also worried.
No sabía qué hacer.
After much deliberation, I can only wait for my father to leave. After all, as
a fierce beast, it is impossible for Gu Lang to stay peacefully in the town of
two mythical beasts.
“Just bear it for a while, Mr. Si.” Gu Bai folded his hands apologetically.
Si Yiming couldn’t help laughing, then nodded: “Yes.”
After agreeing, Si Yiming turned his head and glanced at the door he had
just brought, and calmly took the two boxes of Xue Mei Niang over.
Gu Lang paused in the room, but he could clearly hear the movement
outside, feeling that he was pouring cold water on his head.
He was a little uncomfortable, and after realizing that his and Si Yiming’s
behavior made both sides embarrassed, there was still a spontaneous
anxiety in his heart.
Gu Lang thought for a while, leaned against the fleshy pot on the table, and
felt a little calmer next to the cold flower pot.
Si Yiming sent Gu Bai downstairs and watched him leave the community
on a small eDonkey, then turned around and went back to Gu Bai’s house.
Gu Lang was lying on the edge of the fleshy Bai Ze, his half-broken tail
swayed, and his eyes looked at Si Yiming with a sense of lethargy and
obvious disgust.
Si Yiming was a little surprised. He was carrying Xue Meiniang in his hand,
and he was going to be angry with Gu Lang, but Gu Lang didn’t jump up
and bit him.
Mr. Si thought for a while, walked over to the table and sat down. Seeing
Gu Lang did not move, he simply said, “I have brought the soil back. Gu
Bai can leave at any time, but I don’t worry.”
The little milk leopard frowned very humanely.
He was not surprised by this. After he came back, he was ready to meet his
good cubs and went to explore the dens of the fierce beasts he knew before
to see if he could touch something good.
As a result, no one expected that Bai Ze, a beast who had madly pitted
himself, would pit him like this as soon as he came back, and he even
became fleshy.
This kind of surprise has become such an experience that is quite new, but it
is a bit uncomfortable to be restricted in power.
“It’s useless for you to be like this, so I will try my best to change it back
for you.” After Si Yiming finished speaking, thinking of his last encounter
at Bai Ze’s house, he paused and added, “If there are no surprises.”
Gu Lang looked up at him, a furry leopard’s face was full of distrust.
Si Yiming must have something else, Gu Lang couldn’t be more clear.
Sure enough, Si Yiming’s next sentence was: “After you change back, go
and dig out Qiongqi’s nest. I have found his hiding place.”
Gu Lang looked up suddenly, and for the first time he felt that Si Yiming
turned out to be a bit useless.
As for why Si Yiming didn’t go to dig out the poor strange nest himself, it
was of course because Pai Yao is now a fixed base, and in densely
populated places, if Qiong Qi rushes in madly, the risk is too great.
Otherwise, Si Yi would start directly when he found a place tomorrow.
When Si Yiming looked at Gu Lang’s behavior, he knew that he had
complied.
After eating two boxes of Xue Mei Niang slowly, he got up and picked up
the potted plant Bai Ze, and said, “That’s fine, then go to Bai Ze’s house.”
Gu Bai didn’t know that the whispers he was talking to Mr. Si were being
heard by his old father.
He usually locks the door when he goes home. Once the door is locked,
unless the outside is screaming like Mr. Zhai and Ms. Huang before, he is
basically so quiet that no outside sounds can be heard.
Naturally, he had forgotten their existence, and a door could not play a role
in isolating sound.
Gu Bai, who consciously found a way for Mr. Si and his father to live in
harmony for a while, rode his little electric donkey to the park happily.
Today’s work is a continuation of yesterday.
A whole team, together with the person in charge of the decoration project,
ran to the multimedia conference hall of the park and looked at the 3D
model on the big screen and discussed what should be done.
This kind of transformation is actually not that difficult. In some places, you
don’t even need to make any big moves. Just build the display stand and
some special designs with various materials.
It is the first time that Gu Bai has participated in this kind of planning
project. He sits on the side, holding a notebook and taking notes seriously.
The senior brothers and the project leader are arguing over there, just like
when Gu Bai met them for the first time, the discussion was full of
enthusiasm, and when the conflict was fierce, they even wanted to roll up
their sleeves and fight. Look like.
Gu Bai looked over there, then looked at the teacher who was sitting while
holding a cup of chrysanthemum wolfberry tea and sipping slowly. After
thinking about it, he moved to the noisy brothers, just like the first time. He
raised his ears and recorded all the details of their argument.
It’s not an exaggeration to say that every industry and every profession of
human beings evolves rapidly.
Gu Bai took a pen to write, feeling that even if he had an endless life span,
he wouldn’t be bored.
The brother sitting next to him was tired from the noise, took a deep breath,
took the mineral water bottle on the table and unscrewed it and took a big
sip.
Gu Bai paused, “Ah”.
The brother turned his head to look at him: “What’s the matter?”
Gu Bai looked at the mineral water in his hand and shook his head.
The bottle of water was given to him, but it was not opened.
But this kind of thing doesn’t matter.
The senior brother put down the water bottle casually, glanced at Gu Bai’s
dense notebooks, and then took a close look at Gu Bai: “Gu Xiaobai, are
you in a good mood today?”
Gu Bai was taken aback, and touched his face: “Is it obvious?”
“Walking with a smile on his face and writing in the wind, it is fluttering.”
The senior brother looked at his younger brother with his face, “What good
has happened?”
Is it possible that you have met Si Yiming’s parents and are getting
married?
The elder brother had a blind eye, and he thought it made a lot of sense.
Gu Bai couldn’t help showing a big smile: “My father is back!”
The brother was taken aback, “wow”: “I remember Si Yiming met your
father.”
The smile on Gu Bai’s face disappeared for a moment, then he rubbed his
face twice and nodded: “Yes, but their relationship is not very good.”
The brother had a meal: “Doesn’t respect the elders? Or is your father…”
Suddenly realizing the state of the relationship between Mr. Si and his old
father in the eyes of ordinary people, Gu Bai was dumbfounded for two
seconds, and waved his hand quickly: “…No, it’s not!”
The brother put on a listening posture.
Gu Bai looked at the senior, not knowing what to say for a long while.
He scratched his head: “Anyway, it’s not like this… It’s just that the
relationship is not good.”
The brother frowned, a little disagreeable.
He got married and knew the importance of family harmony-of course, he
was actually on Si Yiming’s side. After all, Gu Bai’s father’s previous
showmanship left a deep impression on them. impression.
The brother put on a serious expression, but his voice was very soft. He was
a little worried about hitting Gu Bai. He deliberately pondered his
vocabulary and said tactfully: “If your father is too excessive, you should be
more cautious.”
Gu Bai couldn’t laugh or cry: “No…”
He repeated it again, thinking hard, and finally said: “Uh… actually they
are like the relationship between mother-in-law and daughter-in-law… like
that.”
The senior hissed: “There is no way to help with this, but it is best not to
live with the elders of the family if you have a partner.”
After the senior brother finished speaking, he seemed to have thought of
something, with a lingering fear in his heart.
Gu Bai nodded without understanding, thinking about buying a house for
his old father in a place outside of Jiuzhou Shanhaiyuan in S City.
Gu Bai picked up the pen again and decided to go and see if there is any
suitable real estate after get off work today.
But he never expected that when he took a bunch of real estate flyers home
and was about to ask Mr. Xie about the situation, Mr. Xie did not wait for
him to speak up, so he took him to Bai Ze’s house.
“This matter… you should handle it, Gu Xiaobai.” Xie Zhi pointed to Bai
Ze’s room.
The Baize room is still messy, and in addition to the white fleshy pot at the
entrance of the hallway, there is also a mutilated leopard with only the
upper body and one front leg in the room, and a squatting leopard next to
him. , The whole body was plunged into a depression… Corgi.
Xie Zhi awkwardly pointed to the three of them, and said, “Bai Ze,
gluttonous, brave.”
Gu Bai looked at Mr. Si who had become Corgi, and was shocked for a
while, then couldn’t help but laugh.
The author has something to say: Gu Bai: I squeezed Mr. Si’s Corgi ass.
Si Yiming:…
(Visitado veces 6,394, 7 visitas hoy)