Chapter 123

Gu Lang: I eat lemons! Did you hear that
The seniors watched Gu Bai and Gu Bai rushed downstairs, then slammed
the brakes and paused slightly, still not controlling their eagerness.
He stretched out his hand and grabbed the hem of Mr. Si’s clothes, dragged
it down, and hurriedly asked: “Really Mr. Si? My father is back?!”
Si Yiming looked down at the clothes that Gu Bai had dragged him into a
mess, and he was a little bit stunned.
Gu Bai was startled, thinking of Mr. Si’s madness these past two days, he
quickly retracted his hand, after thinking about it, he tidyed up Mr. Si, who
had not had time to clean up his collar.
The flattery is beyond words.
Si Yiming looked at Gu Bai’s movements with some amusement, raised his
hand to catch his hand, and held it.
“Gu Lang is back.” Si Yiming added after finishing, “Bai Ze also came
back with the soil.”
Gu Bai was stunned, and it took a while to find his own voice: “Ah, this
kind of…”
Only then did he remember what Gu Lang’s return meant to him.
This meant that he had to go to the sky to make up the hole.
“Yes.” Gu Bai nodded, “There has been a lot of news recently.”
Gu Bai’s inertial style of watching the news every day of the old cadres still
has a certain degree of understanding of some domestic and foreign turmoil.
Recently, there have been overwhelming reports about climate anomalies
and ocean currents.
Others don’t know what the reasons are, but Gu Bai knows some inside
information.
It is not easy to bury it in the depths of the sea, which can almost reach the
wide and thick soil of a seabed continent to travel through the sea.
Even if they took Mrs. Spirit Snake along with a large number of monsters
who are good at driving soil and water, they are already incapable of this
matter.
Recently, the Central News has been reporting that foreign countries are
suffering from deep and fierce waters, earthquakes and tsunamis, coupled
with the turbulence of the earth’s crust and the drastic changes in the low
structure, which have caused various ocean currents to be affected to some
extent.
In recent days, many fisheries at home and abroad have suffered serious
losses.
But the impact China has received is not that big.
The reason is naturally that Si Yiming had notified humans of this matter in
advance.
Between the criticism of the international world inaccessible to ordinary
people and the possibility that the hole in the sky can play out of the great
flood at any time, the upper level of mankind very wisely chose the former
with less loss.
After all, it is not painful to suffer a bit of criticism, but if the hole in the
sky really collapses, the flood is a catastrophe of the world’s extinction
level.
Regarding this action, the senior Chinese officials notified by Si Yiming
have also stated to the international community that everyone should
evacuate overseas Chinese and set up rescue teams as soon as possible.
Otherwise, they will bear any losses.
When it comes to this, others believe it or not.
Anyway, they themselves dispatched a large number of rescue teams with
foresight, and as soon as there was any movement, they hurried to the place
of the incident to evacuate overseas Chinese.
There is only one person in your own family. As for the others, you can
help out of the humanitarian spirit. If you can’t help, even if it is
condemned by the international community, you will never let it go.
Gu Bai has watched a lot of news recently, because the population loss and
economic loss caused by a large number of natural disasters have caused the
entire human world to panic.
However, China’s behaviors, which are rich and powerful every time, are
extremely efficient, but mostly just do their own things alone. As expected,
it has been criticized by international human rights.
Gu Bai’s days of making up the formation, as long as he is not in the dense
land with no internet and no electricity, he basically relies on the Ministry
of Foreign Affairs to speak every day.
So he really knows a lot about the recent things.
He also knows that a large group of people on the Internet at home and
abroad are going crazy, saying that this is a divine punishment.
But fortunately, the frequent natural disasters only occurred in a fixed area.
Other than the poor harvest of fisheries, it did not have any particular
impact.
In fact, the recent natural disasters were suppressed by the joint efforts of
monsters and mythical beasts. The scale was actually not that big, but they
couldn’t stand up frequently.
Before officially digging the mud, all countries have strictly forbidden to
approach the Amazon area or even stop entering the country, but there is
always no shortage of explorers who are not afraid of death and people who
try to get confused by chance.
Human beings die by themselves, it is really impossible to stop it.
Although Gu Bai is a fraternity party and treats monsters and humans the
same, but at the same time he is very clear to know that this is already a
very good result.
—Compared to the flood.
“Then when will I go to heaven?” Gu Bai asked.
“What’s the hurry?” Si Yiming cleaned up his appearance a bit, and pushed
Gu Bai back into the stadium, “Work hard, you have waited for Gu Lang for
so many years, let him wait for you.”
Gu Bai felt that Mr. Si was probably retaliating.
But retaliation in this way is much better than a direct fight after they met.
“I’ll sit here and wait for you.” Mr. Si randomly picked a small corner,
pulled a stool to sit down, and lowered his head to unlock the phone’s
frequency.
Before leaving, Gu Bai stood beside him and glanced at Mr. Si’s mobile
phone screen and found that Mr. Si was browsing the map.
Gu Bai was startled slightly: “Mr. Si, are you going out?”
“Huh?” Si Yiming looked up at him, then continued to look down at the
map, “No, I’m studying where to fight.”
Gu Bai se sorprendió: "¿Oye?"
“I didn’t meet Gu Lang just now. I will go back with you when I turn
around. He must be mad if he smells your body.” Mr. Si said without raising
his head, his tone even a little smug.
Gu Bai: "..."
Gu Bai wanted to speak but stopped, and stopped talking but wanted to
stop.
Finally he said dryly: “…Okay, okay.”
With the existence of enemies and natural enemies, it is really impossible to
live in peace easily.
Gu Bai whispered in his heart, and then as if thinking of something, he
asked again: “Has Bai Ze come back?”
Respondió Si Yiming.
Gu Bai thought of his old father who had been so tempered by Bai Ze,
suddenly he was full of hope for the harmonious relationship between his
father and Mr. Si.
—Maybe in front of Bai Ze, my father will take away his bad temper!
Gu Bai waited expectantly until the end of get off work time, and after
saying goodbye to the teachers and brothers, he took Mr. Si and rushed out
of the park like flying away.
The seniors looked at each other, and I didn’t know who was suddenly
emotional: “Gu Xiaobai is a lot more lively.”
Professor Gao nodded and smiled like a Maitreya Buddha: “This is what
young people should be.”
The seniors also nodded, thinking about Gu Xiaobai, who was just a quiet
little tail behind their buttocks, and then look at this young junior who is
full of spirit and confidence.
I can’t say the kind that makes them more like it, but now this look is
obviously much better for Gu Bai himself.
That is the unique look and temperament of people who are truly confident
in their abilities and talents.
Shy and courageous, the little brother who speaks softly is indeed very cute,
but now the confident and proud little brother who is particularly well-
behaved in front of them is simply super cute!
Si Yiming was dragged by Gu Bai, and if he noticed, he glanced back at the
few humans walking out slowly behind him.
Gu Bai noticed that Si Yiming’s speed had slowed down, and turned his
head in confusion, “Mr. Si, what’s the matter?”
“It’s okay.” Si Yiming held Gu Bai back in his hand and walked into the
parking lot outside the park.
The benevolent people in humans who are always willing to be kind to
others are the main factors that support this huge group of humans to
continue forward without going to extinction.
Otherwise, they would have been wiped out by their group of beasts who
were intolerable to evil thoughts eight hundred years ago.
Si Yiming glanced over Gu Bai, thinking that Gu Xiaobai next to him
should be a master of this kind of good generation.
Sometimes it’s like a little fool.
Si Yiming thought, watching Gu Bai sit in the co-pilot, and couldn’t help
rubbing Gu Bai’s head vigorously.
Gu Bai was so rubbed that he shook his whole body, looked at Si Yiming
blankly, and made a puzzled voice: “Mr. Si?”
His hair is just like his character, soft and feels great.
Si Yiming kneaded enough, retracted his hands contentedly, and sighed
smoothly: “It’s really like things gather together.”
Countless question marks appeared on Gu Bai’s forehead.
“The people around you are stupid.”
Mr. Si said so and started the car.
Gu Bai was stunned for a while, and realized that Mr. Si was talking about
Professor Gao and his seniors.
After thinking of this, Gu Bai wrinkled his nose and whispered: “Mr. Si,
you scolded yourself in.”
Si Yiming raised his eyebrows and glanced at Gu Bai with a smile.
He didn’t even refute that he was not stupid, but chose to drag him into the
water and sink together.
—Why is his little stone so stupid!
Si Yiming couldn’t help but sigh.
Gu Bai couldn’t understand the meaning of Si Yiming’s eyes, but instead
thought of the problem of his old father’s accommodation.
Thinking of this question, Gu Bai quickly forgot about what Si Yiming had
just said he was stupid, and turned to ask Si Yiming, “By the way, Mr. Si,
where does my father live?”
“Who knows.” Si Yiming’s affair with Gu Lang was almost perfunctory to
the naked eye. “He came back with Bai Ze. I guess he will go to Bai Ze to
settle down first.”
Gu Bai heard the words and felt that there was nothing wrong with them.
With Gu Lang’s temper, Gu Bai felt that his old father probably wouldn’t be
willing to step into his home where Mr. Si is everywhere now.
Thinking about where to go, it seems that only Bai Ze is there.
So Gu Bai nodded, and got stuck in the middle of the nod.
“Where to settle down in Baize?” Gu Bai repeated suspiciously.
Si Yiming let out a “huh”, thinking that Gu Bai thought it was inappropriate
for Gu Lang to enter Jiuzhou Shanhaiyuan with a fierce beast, so he said:
“Jiuzhou Shanhaiyuan does not reject fierce beasts… as long as Gu Lang
does not commit any crimes.”
“No, it’s not, Mr. Si!”
Gu Bai’s expression instantly became horrified: “The pile of things in Bai
Ze’s house, what if my father gets recruited!”
Si Yiming paused, only then did he think of it, and immediately he gave an
enthusiastic “Wow”.
Eso es realmente emocionante.
The author has something to say: Si Yiming: Rub your hands in
anticipation.jpg
Gu Lang: I eat lemons! Did you hear that! I eat lemons!
(Visitado veces 6,394, 7 visitas hoy)