Chapter 89

Looking back to Si Yiming, he was **** o
Xie Zhi really doesn’t understand why Gu Bai, who is enveloped by Si
Yiming, is thinking about making money every day.
“I’ll go with you. I’m resting today, and I just want to see it.” Xie Zhi said
as he walked out the door, ready to drive.
Gu Bai obediently followed behind Xie Zhi.
He hasn’t been out for a while, so he concentrates on drawing every day,
and occasionally receives his dad’s number and photos from another strange
number.
The owner of the unfamiliar number is the little security guard who Gu Bai
is familiar with.
But the people who took the picture were obviously not Gu Lang and Si
Yiming themselves.
Because Gu Bai had been painting for half a month, they stayed asleep and
played hard for half a month.
Although they rest as usual on weekdays, but they fight with enthusiasm on
their heads, no matter what the rest is, they will definitely not give up
unless one side retreats.
The person who took the picture was half Bai Ze and half the security
guard. Bai Ze often brought a few words with the same words when
sending messages.
For example, the progress is gratifying.
The security guard sent a few photos and it was a lot of long talk.
He said that he felt that he was going to be nervous after following these
three sacred beasts every day.
Bai Ze had a bad mind, and the only thing he had engraved in his heart was
the apocalypse he received, which made him concentrate on dredging.
Many times Bai Ze didn’t react to his brain. When he looked up and saw Gu
Lang and Si Yiming who were so brutal torn, his first reaction was to turn
his head and run away.
The security guard must pay attention to not being accidentally injured, and
at the same time beware of Bai Ze driving away.
Realmente cansado.
The security guard babbled every once in a while whether anyone on the
Kyushu Shanhaiyuan could come over for him.
But this is useless to tell Gu Bai, he still has to do what should be done.
After complaining, he simply started to discuss with Gu Bai how much he
could get from Si Yiming this time.
Gu Bai didn’t understand why he would discuss this matter with him, but in
the spirit of helping others, when he took a break during painting, Gu Bai
would still reply with the last two sentences thoughtfully.
I just finished painting today, and I received a long chat from the security
guard.
Gu Bai followed Xie and got into the car, sat in the passenger seat, fastened
his seat belt and lowered his head to crackle on the phone.
Xie Zhi turned his head and glanced at him. Although he is not a battle
monster, his vision is still quite sharp.
He glanced at the keywords on the interface.
Mr. Xie hissed softly and asked as he started the car: “Did Si Yiming give
you any money?”
Gu Bai let out a blank “ah”.
Xie Zhi asked a little bit more clearly: “You are all engaged with Pai Yao,
why are you so poor?”
Gu Bai looked down at his mobile phone screen, and finally understood
what Xie Zhi was referring to.
“Mr. Si is helping me get stocks.” Gu Bai said, “But if I want to give him a
gift, I don’t want to spend that money because I want to surprise him.”
Xie Zhi didn’t know whether to eat this dog food or to say something.
He wanted to say that gift giving should be done within his capacity, but
when he thought about it, Gu Bai was doing everything within his capacity.
He bought the famous watch for a painting and also gave him a sapphire, so
he didn’t do what he could.
In the end, Mr. Xie thought and thought, and finally found a breakthrough:
“He only helps you get stocks?!”
Gu Bai se sorprendió.
“He should at least play an investment or something for you.” Xie Zhi
strongly condemned this.
As Pai Xiu, he even made his target all want money. Si Yiming was too
negligent!
“No…” Gu Bai pressed for a long time before saying, “I only asked Mr. Si
for stocks.”
Gu Bai admitted that he had a short-sightedness and that he could only
think of stocks if he wanted to make money, and that he and Mr. Si had just
an ordinary trading relationship at the beginning, and he had already
surpassed a stock.
Xie Zhi usually appreciates Gu Bai’s clearly distinguished character.
He likes the rules.
But sometimes I feel that this character must be a big loss if I throw it out,
and I wish I could get into Gu Bai’s mind to reverse his stubborn thinking
of one, one, two, two.
The saying that there is no advantage to the **** has never appeared in Gu
Bai’s mind.
For example, Gu Bai would not think, he could ask Si Yiming for money to
spend.
According to Si Yiming’s mind, money is something that is called and
flicked. Gu Bai will definitely not be short of money if he is covered by
him, and he will not even think of sending Gu Bai money directly.
Moreover, Si Yiming himself liked Gu Bai’s mental outlook of working
hard for his own goals.
It can always be a long time to make them feel vigorous and vigorous.
Xie Zhi drove the car in silence, feeling that this kind of thing is really very
difficult to decide.
“Alright.” Mr. Xie finally chose to give in.
Anyway, stupid people have stupid blessings, thank you for thinking, just
throw this thing out of your mind.
Instead of worrying about Gu Bai not making money, it’s better to worry
about yourself first.
As soon as Mr. Xie turned the steering wheel, he turned to the street where
the old elm tree was, and asked, “You are looking for the old elm tree to
frame the picture. Which painting do you want to install?”
“The paintings for Lushu, Zhuniao, and ordinary frames should not work.”
Gu Bai said, and the car had already stopped outside the old elm tree
courtyard.
“Don’t underestimate him.” Xie Zhi unfastened his seat belt. “Old Yushu,
who can hide under Si Yiming’s eyelids in S City, must have hidden a lot of
good things.”
But what good things are hidden in Uncle Yu’s hands, he can’t ask others to
hand them over.
Gu Bai whispered in his heart, unfastened his seat belt, and got out of the
car.
Xie Zhi saw that Gu Bai still only asked for a picture frame. After he had
selected the wood and left the design drawings and specifications, he
walked out with ease and sighed heavily.
It is a blessing to God that this child can grow up so safely without being
ruined by others.
Gu Bai heard the sigh, looked at Xie Zhi with a look of hatred for iron and
steel, and couldn’t help but smile.
“I know what you mean,” he said, “but I think people are mutual.”
Xie Zhi opened the door.
Gu Bai got into the car obediently and tried to change his silly and sweet
impression in Mr. Xie’s heart: “If I don’t treat people with sincerity, how
can I expect others to treat me with sincerity?”
Xie Zhi glanced at Gu Bai.
In fact, there is not much difference between monsters and humans,
especially now that most monsters have been integrated into human society,
and a large part of them have gradually been assimilated.
Those unsophisticated little monsters in the past are hard to come out of one
in a hundred years.
It’s not easy for Gu Bai to keep this simple and honesty when he grows up
as a human being.
“Very good.” Xie Zhi commented.
This is probably the peculiar innocence of young people who have never
suffered a great deal.
They are always willing to believe that there are warm and friendly good
people everywhere in this world.
If the world is really like this, Xie Zhi thought while starting the car.
If everyone could communicate with sincerity as Gu Bai thought, how
could there be so many evil spirits born in this world.
There are no monsters who are lured by evil spirits to make troubles.
Why would it be necessary for those divine beasts to work overtime every
day to suppress patrols.
-The darkness of human nature that lawyers can see is much more than that
of ordinary professions.
Xie Zhi said smoothly: “Everyone treats others with sincerity and goodness.
It is estimated that such a world can only exist in imagination.”
“But it’s not that there are no such people.” After Gu Bai finished speaking,
he pointed to himself, “Look, I am.”
“Moreover, people who have been helped and moved are more or less
willing to lend a helping hand appropriately, but this is a very long
process.”
Gu Bai said, with inexplicable self-confidence: “But there will definitely be
a chance to be realized in the future. We can live so long!”
Xie Zhi turned his head and glanced at Gu Bai. Seeing Gu Bai’s expression
with a little pride, he couldn’t help but laugh.
I can understand more and more why Si Yiming likes Gu Bai as a bastard.
This is such a big baby.
Mr. Xie took a deep breath and stepped on the accelerator: “Go, take you to
see your big red envelope!”
Gu Bai obediently responded and looked up at the sky.
Mr. Si said that what he blocked was not only the water of Tianhe, but also
the evil spirits that had been thrown out by the Shenzhou Array for so many
years.
The birth of evil spirit sprites cannot be eliminated at all, but Gu Bai felt
that if it could be reduced appropriately, it would be an improvement.
Maybe one day, the world will really gradually become clear and clean.
No one hopes that the world will change for the better than the sky-filling
stone, which controls the Tianhe water and evil spirits.
When the world becomes better, the sacred beasts find a new way to fill the
sky or simply find a way to fill in the hole, so that he can get his own body
back.
Gu Bai also hoped that when he could get his body back, so that he would
not always be so stupid in the study of aura.
“It’s here.” Xie Zhi stepped on the brakes, turned his head and glanced at
Gu Bai who was staring at the sky in a daze, stretched out his hand and
snapped his fingers in his ear, calling him to regain his senses.
“Oh… oh oh!” Gu Bai returned to his senses and looked up at the outside of
the car. There are now a lot of people at the entrance of the newly built
subway station, lining up.
Passing through the subway station, the other exit across the road is exactly
where Gu Bai worked before.
The exit leads directly to the museum. You can enter the museum directly
after getting off the subway. After the tour, you can go out from the main
entrance of the museum, or come back here, and continue to take the
cultural tourism line.
Gu Bai and Xie Zhi got out of the car and walked by with the flow of
people. When they passed by a few young people, they heard them
chattering about the library over there.
They spoke of the paintings at the entrance of the venue in awe-inspiring
voice, and then mentioned some exhibits, and then their voices disappeared.
Gu Bai turned his head and glanced at the thanks.
Xie Zhi also took a look at him, and thought for a while: “Should you stop
letting Zhai Liangjun come over for a stroll?”
“No need.” Gu Bai shook his head.
He felt that with such a flow of people, if he couldn’t use his own paintings
to make waves, it would be a matter of his own strength.
Gu Bai took a deep breath and continued to move forward.
The farther you go, the more people are crowded at the door.
Gu Bai and Xie Zhi both have better hearing than ordinary people. When
they stand outside, they can clearly hear the staff holding loudspeakers and
constantly shouting not to take photos at the door, not to block the
subsequent guests, and go inside. Go, there are many collections worth
seeing in the museum.
Standing on the edge of the elevator, Gu Bai glanced inward with the probe.
It was found that a steady stream of people came in, and some people came
out of the stadium.
Many people in and out were there taking photos with the murals, and those
who hadn’t seen the murals were amazed the moment they stepped on the
elevator.
Looking at this picture, Gu Bai was so happy that his eyes were shining.
—For a painter whose goal is to be an artist, nothing makes him more
happy than seeing everyone like his paintings in person and marveling at
them.
Xie Zhi was too lazy to squeeze in.
He watched Gu Bai probe his head for a long while, and when he came
back, his steps were jumping, his face was beaming, and he looked
extremely happy.
“Happy?” Xie asked.
"¡Sí!"
Gu Bai answered without hesitation, Ying Wan bowed his head in
embarrassment, and pressed the corners of his mouth with great effort.
He has always been a little ashamed to show his emotions wantonly.
Gu Bai clenched his hand into a fist, raised his hand to his lips, cleared his
throat with a light cough, tried to put on a calm look, and said, “The red
envelope is stable!”
Xie Zhi looked at Gu Xiaobai, who was so happy that his face was flushed.
He looked at him with bright eyes and he was about to fly with joy, but he
tried hard to pretend to be mature. He only felt that this **** was really
cute. !
Mr. Xie took advantage of his unpreparedness and suddenly took a shot,
holding his mobile phone and turning on the continuous shooting function
and took dozens of pictures of Gu Bai’s lovely appearance.
Mr. Xie, who had been unsuspectingly covered with several pots of dog
food by Gu Bai for the past half month, looked at these photos, squinted his
eyes slightly, and groaned his guts.
Gu Bai, such a cute little bastard, can only choose to forgive even if he is
embarrassed with dog food.
But Si Yiming is different.
Hao Zhen, who had been living in the shadow of Pai Yao all the year round,
thought about it seriously, and decided to go back and show Pai Yao the
photos, and if he didn’t send it to him, he kept it for himself and was
annoyed by Si Yiming.
Hermosa.
The author has something to say: Si Yiming: I seem to smell the smell of
someone looking for a fight. [Sense.jpg]
Thanks: The reasoning beast has never been beaten, the confidence of the
old driver!
(Visitado veces 6,394, 7 visitas hoy)