Chapter 62

I want to go back to my hometown.
Mr. Zhai conquered his fear and stubbornly rubbed a meal, and ran away as
if he burned his **** as soon as he finished eating the bowl.
Mr. Si looked at the hallway, sneered, and didn’t go out, but turned to wash
the bowl with Gu Bai.
“Let’s go out with me later.” Si Yiming said.
Gu Bai was taken aback and wiped off the water on his hands: “Is there
something wrong?”
“Take you to meet those two human monks.”
The reason why Gu Bai couldn’t feel the aura of a monster’s instinct was
probably because of his complete human thinking.
The reason is simple. Any kind of animal will lose some instincts after
being specially trained. In other words, reason overshadows instinct. After
being used to thinking with reason, it will over-ignore the instinctive
response.
Human beings don’t have such instincts, but they can still embark on the
path of cultivation, and they must have their own way.
Since Gu Bai is a human mind, then take him to meet the two humans.
The two monks in Jiuzhou Shanhaiyuan both had partners, and it was
because of their partners that these two humans were able to live here and
obtained the long-lost practice method.
The most ferocious beasts in the community came to the door. Although
these two humans were wondering why the monsters who had become
spirits needed human guidance, the two humans still gave their experience
to each other.
There is nothing that can’t be said, their cultivation methods themselves
come from monsters.
Gu Bai was educated all night, his eyes were straight and his brain buzzed
when he returned home from the outside.
“Did you remember what they said?” Si Yiming asked.
Gu Bai shook his head and nodded: “I can barely remember it.”
Si Yiming was satisfied: “Then try again tomorrow morning.”
Gu Bai didn’t have any comments, and took a shower and climbed onto the
bed with an indoctrinated sorrow operation.
He had to get up before sunrise, and then ran to the roof, facing the east,
meditating—according to the previous Mr. Si, it was to capture the first ray
of vitality when the Golden Udon came.
It’s no longer what it used to be. The human monks and monsters in the past
can still use their spiritual energy to cultivate. Now, they can only count on
the slight refreshment at the moment of dawn all day long.
In the past, the spirit stones were dug out from the veins of the spirit stone,
and it is a good thing for them to cultivate spiritual practitioners and
monsters, but now it is only the name of the currency jointly established by
the entire monster. It is very miserable to think about it.
It’s very late in November, but according to the weather forecast, the sun
will shine in these few days.
Gu Bai got up from the bed at five o’clock in the morning, touched his
hungry belly after washing, glanced at the dark outside, and simply started
tossing the kitchen to fill his stomach.
The amount of appetite during the growth period was beyond Gu Bai’s
expectation. He now prepares a lot of food for painting and puts it on the
side of the easel.
From dry food to drinks, as well as fruits and vegetables that can be eaten
raw, Gu Bai basically crashed into his newly bought large food container,
carried it to the large studio on the second floor, and ate it when he was
hungry.
The taste of being hungry is really not very good, and I don’t know how his
dad, a fierce beast who is born to be hungry, survived.
Gu Bai thought, washing a carrot and gnawing.
This carrot is very sweet, without a bit of astringency when eaten raw, it has
a refreshing sweetness after a bite.
Probably because the rabbit essences in Penglai Mountain prefer to be
vegetarian, the various vegetables they provide are obviously much better
than meat.
Gu Bai began to knead the dough in the kitchen while licking the carrots.
When the dough was almost kneaded, Gu Bai took another apple, put on his
jacket, went out to the elevator, and pressed the top floor.
Gu Bai on the top floor has never been here.
He opened the door of the top floor, and he saw the lush flowerbed on the
top of the building. Those plants that Gu Bai didn’t recognize clearly, in the
cold night dew air, there was a hint of good-smelling cold fragrance.
It was still dark at this time.
As soon as Gu Bai looked up, he saw the bright Venus above the dark night.
Gu Bai looked at the star that always appeared before and after dawn for a
long time, then retracted his gaze, found a small protruding platform, sat
down cross-legged, facing the east, closing his eyes.
He has a lot of experience being taught, but there are only a few simple
words in the aspect of grasping the introductory training of Qi machine.
The two human monks told him that when he closed his eyes, as his
surroundings became brighter and brighter, he would see some dark patches
of color moving in the darkness in front of him.
These color blocks are called visual residuals from a scientific point of
view, and they are normal physiological reactions that any human being
will produce.
But at the moment the sun rises, a flash of purple will appear in those
moving color blocks.
The wisp of purple is the wisp of vitality from the heavens and the earth
when the Golden Udon came to the east. At this time, I concentrated my
mind, attacked swiftly, and retained it with my spirit. Basically, I
successfully captured the Qi machine and was able to incorporate it into my
body.
With the cognition of Qi machine, it will be as if it has been opened up, and
it will suddenly become clear to many things.
However, it is not easy to retain this breath. The two humans struggled at
this step for more than ten years before finally stepping out.
Gu Bai was ready for a long-term war of resistance.
He sat there quietly, sniffing the cold scent from the flower garden with his
nose, and closing his eyes could feel the surroundings becoming brighter
and brighter.
Gu Bai saw that there were many color blocks in motion in front of his
eyes, ring-shaped and linear, and occasionally strange ripples that rippled
like ripples appeared.
He looked at these color blocks intently, carefully observed, and then
suddenly, a touch of purple suddenly bloomed before his eyes.
Gu Bai, who had been waiting for this stuff, exploded his scalp, but what he
thought in his mind was grasping the purple that was about to run away.
He felt as if something had spread out, and then gently hooked, and the
purple wisp of swallows returned to the nest like a swallow, staying in front
of his eyes very well, and then slowly immersed in his body.
Gu Bai felt that his empty belly was full at once, and it was even a little
supportive.
He opened his eyes in a daze, and found that the sky had been bright and
the sun had risen.
But the world in front of him has become different.
As soon as he lowered his head, he could see small lights dancing in the
flowerbed on the roof. The biggest one was as big as a fist, and the smaller
one was smaller than the pinky cover.
In addition, as soon as he looked up, he saw that the sky above his head was
not as blue and infinite as before, but was covered with a shallow, floating
black cloud, which was not thick, but it made people feel a little depressed.
And unprofitable.
Gu Bai stared at the sky blankly, and as the sun rose into the sky, the
shallow black shadow was dissipated by the sunlight and evaporated and
disappeared like water vapor.
Gu Bai looked down at his palm and clearly felt something in his body
rushing for joy.
He is… succeeded?
Gu Bai was not sure.
He looked at the flower garden on the rooftop again, and the small light
clusters were still flying in broad daylight, unaffected at all.
Si Yiming arrived at the point today and didn’t wait for the snail Xiaobai to
deliver the dessert. After scanning Gu Bai’s house and finding that there
was no one, Mr. Si simply went to the top of the building.
As soon as he walked onto the rooftop, he saw Gu Bai squatting on the edge
of the flower garden, looking at the flower garden in front of him, with a
surprised expression, and even wanted to poke his hands.
Si Yiming had a meal and walked to Gu Bai’s side: “Have you never seen
these before?”
“No.” Gu Bai heard Si Yiming’s footsteps, shook his head, looked up at Mr.
Si standing beside him, and said happily, “Mr. Si, I seem to have caught the
anger!”
I can’t tell from the outside when I feel the Qi machine.
Si Yiming was also very happy when he heard Gu Bai say this. He nodded
and said, “It’s very simple.”
“You didn’t tell me that qi is purple before.” Gu Bai said.
Si Yiming shook his head.
They don’t even need to care about the color of the qi. They don’t even
need to absorb that wisp of vitality from the heavens and the earth. Rather,
the qi ran into their bodies during their normal breathing. .
For the monsters who rely on aura and heaven and earth to become spirits,
there is no need to face the east to meditate and capture, but it is as natural
as breathing.
Just as humans will not emphasize that oxygen is odorless and transparent,
what should you do to breathe oxygen.
Breathing is instinct for human beings, and capturing aura and vitality is
also instinct for monsters.
I need to follow anthropology to catch the spirit creatures of heaven and
earth’s vitality. Si Yiming has seen such a person like Gu Bai throughout
the ages.
Gu Bai didn’t know how wonderful he was.
He stretched out a finger and saw that Si Yiming didn’t stop him, he poked
the small light group in front of him, and asked curiously: “Mr. Si, what are
these?”
Si Yiming looked at the flower garden and said, “These are the spirits of
plants and trees. If there is no accident, they will only come out in the
morning and evening.”
Gu Bai looked at the light groups: “Strange?”
Si Yiming explained: “These things will be born in places with strong aura,
and the spirits of vegetation will make the vegetation healthy and
luxuriant.”
Gu Bai looked at these small **** of light flying around the flowerbed in
amazement, and quietly reached out his hand to wrap up the small **** of
light, feeling the warmth of his palms and itching.
He thought of the scene he had just seen, and asked, “What about those
black things that have been tanned by the sun? Are they evil spirits?”
Si Yiming asintió.
He raised his eyes and looked at the sky that was no longer visible, and
frowned slightly.
In the past, the time for evil spirits to be active was only one hour every
night when the child was up, which would be eleven to one or two hours.
But now, they have been able to persist until dawn, and even the sun will
have to shine for a period of time before they disappear.
There is no doubt that the blocking and filtering capabilities of the Great
China Array are weakening.
Mr. Si, who has this knowledge, is not very worried, because Bai Ze can
still fish outside now and not come back. It seems that nothing big will
happen.
However, Si Yiming felt that he should be ready to talk to Canglong and
Zhu Niao.
These two don’t have any artifacts that will accompany them for a long
time. They have to prepare materials that can draw their bodies and replace
them to frighten one side.
“By the way, Mr. Si.” Gu Bai let go of the little spirit he was holding in his
palm, and turned to look at Si Yiming, “I should live here in the future, so I
want to go back to my hometown. Go and bring back what’s there.”
Si Yiming had a meal.
“I have a lot of things in my old house, I still have to go back and pack it
myself.” Gu Bai emphasized.
For example, the ones his dad brought back over the years…
Small glass beads, and, rhinestones.
The author has something to say: Gu Lang: I’m a good boy! Play with
Lingshi as marbles when you are young! Other people’s cubs can’t afford to
play! Niu batch!
Gu Bai: ...
(Visitado veces 6,394, 7 visitas hoy)