Chapter 87

Send you a ray of sunshine.
Gu Bai looked at the two text messages and wondered what Mr. Si meant to
go to Bai Ze’s house together when he came back.
Gu Bai has always been very obedient. Anyway, Bai Ze’s text message did
not say which time period to pick up the things. It is not a problem to wait
for Mr. Si.
——After all, let Mr. Si remind him of this, it is estimated that there is
something extraordinary in Bai Ze’s house.
Gu Bai put the phone back in his pocket, just about to go back to his house,
after walking without two steps, he slightly pursed his lips, hesitated for a
long time, finally changed his steps, and went back to the door of Zhai
Liangjun’s house again. doorbell.
Zhai Liangjun opened the door and stared at Gu Bai who was blasted out by
him in the morning.
He turned his gaze to Gu Bai’s hand, and after realizing that there was no
problem with the hand that had just healed, he looked at Gu Bai again:
“What’s wrong?”
Gu Bai looked up at him, touched the phone in his pocket, and asked in a
low voice, “Does Mr. Zhai know what hobbies Mr. Si has?”
Zhai Liangjun was taken aback: “What hobby?”
“Just…that’s…whatever you like.” Gu Bai lowered his head embarrassedly.
He wants to give Mr. Si a small gift.
But Gu Bai felt very ashamed. He felt that he had established a relationship
with Mr. Si anyway. When he wanted to give a gift, he didn’t know what
Mr. Si liked.
——Except for dessert.
For dessert, Gu Bai felt that Mr. Si was fed by him every day and he
couldn’t give it as a gift.
He wanted to give a gift that would surprise Mr. Si.
Gu Bai pursed his lips, his face flushed slightly, and finally he tried to raise
his voice, stumbled and said, “Except for sweets…”
“Money.” Zhai Liangjun answered this question very simply.
Gu Bai was taken aback: “Apart from this?”
Zhai Liangjun was puzzled: “What do you ask this for?”
Gu Bai couldn’t help but squeeze into a fist when he heard it, and said like a
mosquito: “I want to give Mr. Si a present.”
The vixen felt that he was stuffed with dog food.
He took a deep breath, thought about it seriously, and said, “He has money
and doesn’t lack anything.”
Gu Bai suddenly wilted.
If you think about it, Pai Yao hasn’t wanted anything since ancient times,
and he hasn’t seen anything before.
To give him a surprise, the requirements are too high.
Mr. Si is probably the kind of visionary and knowledgeable type who won’t
be surprised when he sees anything.
Gu Bai lowered his head in disappointment.
Zhai Liangjun looked at his disappointed look, opened his mouth, and
cursed that Si Yiming was a crime in his heart, and then said to Gu Bai,
“Send him something that he can wear at any time.”
Gu Bai had a meal: “For example?”
“For example…” Mr. Zhai thought for a while, “Watch it, you should have
saved a lot of money, so buy an expensive watch and send it to him.”
Gu Bai calculated the money he could use in his card and thought it was
feasible.
He smiled at Zhai Liangjun and asked happily, “Thank you Mr. Zhai!
Would you like to come to my house for dinner today?”
Zhai Liangjun felt that there was something cheap and not a bastard, so he
followed him.
Anyway, Si Yiming was not there, the fox thought beautifully.
Most of the money in Gu Baicari was handed over to Si Yiming. Mr. Si
probably didn’t worry about the small amount of money. He took the
money away and gave the username and password to Gu Bai and he didn’t
mention it much. One crop.
When Gu Bai opened the stock software occasionally and looked at it, he
felt that he was in a sea of   money and wandering freely.
Mr. Si’s ability to attract money is really great, and because of his own
characteristics, Si Yiming can’t just pick one and just throw it there and let
it rise.
In order to ensure that the stock market is showing a normal growth trend,
Mr. Si has to repurchase another one after every shortfall.
The operation is very simple, but the black horses brought up by Mr. Si’s
Lucky BUFF smashed up, and the money in Gu Bai’s account rolled
quickly.
Gu Bai no longer looks at the money over there now, he is afraid that he
will be paralyzed by money and lose his fighting spirit.
As the saying goes, small rich is safe.
Gu Bai thinks this really makes sense.
At least with his own willpower, there is no way to resist the corruption of
money.
So Gu Bai opened another card, holding the balance of that card every day,
and shook his fingers to figure out how to spend the money.
The money he can use today is actually not that much – of course, this is
not much based on the premise of comparing the assets of the surrounding
monsters.
The main reason is that the compensation he got for the paintings he ran
with Mr. Si was not the money of human society.
Later on the paintings introduced by Mr. Xie, the human side gave him
some money, but it was a small amount of about 200,000 yuan.
A small amount of 200,000 yuan!
Gu Bai was holding his bank card and felt that he could buy a good watch
no matter what.
Gu Bai, who has no knowledge of luxury goods, was in the mood to pick a
gift for Mr. Si and searched the Internet for the price of a circle of famous
watches, and then silently closed the window.
Why does a watch cost more than 20 million.
Isn’t the watch used for looking at the time? Why do you need to paste
platinum on it and set it with diamonds.
Gu Bai looked at his bank card and sighed.
The world of the rich is really terrible.
While thinking about this, Gu Bai took out his cell phone and sent a text
message to Mr. Si.
He has to ask when Mr. Si will be back.
Si Yiming replied quickly and said at the time that he would not be back in
a short time.
Gu Bai was stunned, and then Si Yiming sent another message.
He said that he was going to beat Gu Lang here, and told Gu Bai not to go
to Baize alone before he came back. It was very dangerous.
Gu Bai looked at this text message and thought that Mr. Si and his dad
might have hit the head.
It is estimated that there is nothing wrong with Bai Ze by the side, even if
he is not there, Gu Bai will not worry about it.
——Just like what Mr. Zhai said before, neither of them has killed anyone
for so many years, and it is even more unlikely that accidents will happen in
this environment.
After Gu Bai learned that Mr. Si would not be back in a short time, he
called to thank him.
Gu Bai’s appeal is very simple.
The monsters are not bad for money. Most of the bad things are spirit stones
and magic weapons. They also tacitly agree that when they ask for paintings
from Gu Bai, they are paid with spirit stones or magic weapons.
This time Gu Bai took the initiative to ask for a list of monsters, and his
request was just a watch.
Special note, to be normal, the luxury of the human world.
Gu Bai didn’t know much about the monsters, and Xie Zhi didn’t have any
research on magic weapons, and Mr. Si himself didn’t need any magic
weapons.
Gu Bai didn’t have money in his hands, even if he added the remuneration
for the mural at the subway station, the money was not enough.
The only one he can draw is his hand.
Xie Zhi tweeted when he learned of Gu Bai’s behavior.
He sighed with emotion that Si Yiming had done so many evils and had
such a relationship, while directly looking for a few monsters in human
society who were very rich and wanted to paint, and within two days he
directly found them with demands and rewards. Gu Bai.
In the past two days, Gu Bai was making the final touches on Zhu Niao’s
paintings.
The feathers of the red bird are very special.
The soft down feathers at the bottom layer are extremely bright red, the
feathers on the second layer gradually turn to bright orange, and the long
feathers on the top layer are unexpectedly tough.
The pinnaes of the long feathers are colorful when seen up close, and
suddenly turn into a bright and fiery red as soon as the light shines.
The feather branches are not as soft and smooth as ordinary birds. When
you stroke the soft feather branches, you can almost hear the sound of iron
teeth.
The rachis and shafts turn from black to red to a very delicate orange at the
root.
The roots of the feather stems are surrounded by down feathers. Those
auxiliary feathers are warm gold and emit a slightly dazzling light. When
they are gently fluttered by the wind, they are like pulsating flames. The
bird as a whole is like a burning fiery red sun.
Gu Bai carefully arranged these feathers with different hardness and color
distribution on the screen, and finally supplemented the outline with a
brush.
When he made the last stroke and breathed a long sigh of relief, a phantom
of a red bird suddenly soared out of the painting!
The temperature rose suddenly.
Gu Bai’s eyes widened, and he took a few steps back in shock, avoiding
being affected by the heat.
The phantom was not as big as Gu Bai had imagined, it was as small as two
palms.
It has clear feathers, a sharp beak, and the feathers on its head swaying
lightly.
Gu Bai watched it raise its head and spread its wings, and let out a loud and
clear cry, then one of its wings set off a heat wave, rushed straight up,
plunged into the ceiling, and passed straight through.
Gu Bai vaguely heard the shocked movements of the residents upstairs.
The jingle is that something accidentally knocked over while running.
After that, Gu Bai clearly noticed that the slightly dim sky outside gradually
became brighter.
The cold and gloomy air in late December gradually dissipated, and the
dark clouds rolled slowly, and gradually there were a few gaps.
After about a quarter of an hour, the early winter sun broke through the
unspattered dark clouds, and a few bright rays of sunlight fell obliquely,
covering the scope of Jiuzhou Shanhaiyuan.
No muchos puntos, muchos puntos.
A beautiful rainbow hung in the sky.
Gu Bai looked at all this through the floor-to-ceiling windows in surprise.
Standing under the sudden sunlight, he felt something soft rubbing his face
gently, and a voice thanked him in his ear.
“If you didn’t meet and give a gift in return, I’ll give you a ray of
sunshine!” The voice said softly.
Esta es una voz femenina.
Gu Bai had heard it, and it was Zhu Niao’s voice.
He stood in the sun, looking through the floor-to-ceiling windows at this
place favored by the sun.
Esta escena es demasiado grande.
Gu Bai thought this way, but the corners of his lips couldn’t help but curl up
slightly.
Thanks for bringing the beautifully packaged and even a large sapphire
watch on the ribbon knot of the gift box. When I ran to Si Yiming’s house
to look for Gu Bai, I found that the house was full of red birds. Breath.
He couldn’t help taking a small step back, and looked up to confirm that
this was indeed Si Yiming’s 663.
After confirming, he looked at Gu Bai, who was covered with Zhu Niaoqi,
and flashed through countless romance novels in his mind.
Mr. Xie couldn’t help saying: “Gu Xiaobai… cheating is undesirable,
especially when the target is Si Yiming.”
Gu Bai: "¿...?"
The author has something to say: Xie Zhi: Distressed.jpg
Gu Bai :? ? ?
(Visitado veces 6,394, 7 visitas hoy)